Sweetheart, why are you crying?
Do you not like our gifts?
If there's something else that you want, we can get it for you.
Even if it's the moon, I have Ethan fetched for you.
No, no, it's just that life's been really hard
since I lost my mom.
I guess death just kind of does that to you.
But birthdays became really insignificant.
I'll be here with you guys.
I don't know, I guess it's kind of changing my mind.
And I really miss this, having the family.
I'm just really happy.
Ethan, what did you get me?
Holy crap, this is nice.
Oh, my God, it's beautiful.
Just like you are.
Happy birthday to you.
Old bastards.
They never wished me a happy birthday.
Where are my flowers?
Look at all their smiles.
Makes me sick.
I'm going to run to the bathroom, but I will be right back.
That.
You like your gift.